Status Report 1
Comp20 Semester Project
Group 10
Written by: Henry Zhou
			Brian Williamson
			Katie Kurtz
Time spent working on the project: 15 Hours

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1) What was accomplished during the week
	
	Major work was done on the menu.html page for the website. 
	We figured out the following:
		* Layout of buttons, carousel, menu items, etc.
		* Dynamic behavior of page elements such as 
		  buttons, carousel scrolling/behavior, 
		  table accordion behavior, and basic 
		  modal activation. 

	We also started developing an application to scrape
	text from websites. This application will be used to 
	scrape the Tufts Dining website for menu listings and
	nutritional information. This information will then
	be used on our site to best emulate the Tufts Dining
	website. The application currently is able to
	scrape text from imdb.com. 

2) Challenges and issues faced by the team

	We had difficulty navigating the documentation
	for the buttons that selected the dining location,
	meal time, and date. One issue we overcame was that
	our buttons would all change to the value selected in
	a single dropdown list of a button. Consequently,
	all the buttons values would change to the same value. 

	This issue was fixed by writing a jQuery script that 
	selected only the parent button of a listing and would
	only change the value of its parent's button to the 
	selected value. 

3) Next week's goals 

	We would like to finish up most of the front end design side
	by the end of next week. This includes completion of the
	other main pages of the website. 

	We also need to start working on the framework and backend
	side of the website. This includes learning how to set up the
	MongoDB database to store our collections of documents. Such
	documents include menu items. We will have a main collection
	of all the food items, and then we will also have collections 
	of food items organized by the day, mealtime, and dining
	hall location. 

	Once we populate our database, we need to figure out how
	to set up our express framework. This will allow our website
	to communicate with our database. 

	We also need to complete our application for scraping 
	data from the Tufts website. This will provide the data
	to populate our database with. 

4) General Comments

	The general design of the website is starting to come together
	nicely. The meat of the work for our website will be on the menu page.
	There is still more foundational things to accomplish before we 
	can start fulfilling dynamic connections between the website and 
	the database. For now, creating semi-dynamic pages will do 
	for now. 

	One thing to keep in mind is the API. We need to figure our the Twilio
	and Flickr API's to integrate into our page. Our database will probably
	only hold text, so Flickr will be used to handle image hosting. 

	One app we really want to integrate is the review feature. This
	will be kept in mind in the upcoming weeks as more of an 
	overarching goal whose deadline isn't as defined, sans the due date. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------